=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::Attr - The DOM |Attr| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::Attr> class implements the DOM C<Attr> interface.

=head1 METHODS

The methods of the L<Web::DOM::Node> class are available, as well as
following methods:

=over 4

=item $name = $attr->local_name

Return the local name of the attribute.  [DOM]

=item $name = $attr->manakai_local_name

Return the local name of the attribute.  This method is deprecated in
favor of C<local_name>. [MANAKAI]

=item $url = $attr->namespace_uri

Return the namespace URL of the attribute.  [DOM]

=item $el = $attr->owner_element

Return the element to which the attribute is set.  If there is no such
an element, C<undef> is returned.  [DOMATTREXODUS]

=item $name = $attr->name

Return the attribute name.  [DOM]

=item $prefix = $attr->prefix

=item $attr->prefix ($prefix)

If no argument is specified, return the namespace prefix of the
element, if any, or C<undef>.  [DOM]

If the argument is specified, the value is set as the namespace prefix
of the element.  If the value is C<undef>, the namespace prefix is
removed.  [DOMNODEEXODUS] [MANAKAI]

=item $bool = $attr->specified

=item $attr->specified ($bool)

Return or set the "specified" flag of the attribute.  [DOMATTREXODUS]
[MANAKAI]

=item $value = $attr->value

=item $attr->value ($value)

Return or set the attribute value.  [DOM]

=back

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item DOM

DOM Living Standard <http://dom.spec.whatwg.org/#interface-attr>.

=item DOMATTREXODUS, DOMNODEEXODUS

DOM Standard <view-source:http://dom.spec.whatwg.org/>.

=item MANAKAI

manakai DOM Extensions
<http://suika.fam.cx/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai%20DOM%20Extensions>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::Node>, L<Web::DOM::NamedNodeMap>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2012 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
