=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::AttributeDefinition - The DOM |AttributeDefinition| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::AttributeDefinition> class implements the DOM
C<AttributeDefinition> interface.

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods of the L<Web::DOM::Node> class, following
methods are available:

=over 4

=item $type = $adef->declared_type

=item $adef->declared_type ($type)

Return or set the declared type of the attribute definition, using one
of the constants for the declared type as described in the later
section.  [DOMDTDEF]

=item $type = $adef->default_type

=item $adef->default_type ($type)

Return or set the default type of the attribute definition, using one
of the constants for the default type as described in the later
section.  [DOMDTDEF]

=item $dt = $adef->owner_element_type_definition

Return the element type (L<Web::DOM::ElementTypeDefinition>) to which
the attribute definition belongs, if any, or C<undef>.  [DOMDTDEF]

=back

The attribute definition name can be accessed by the C<<
$adef->node_name >> method.  The default value can be returned or set
by the C<< $adef->node_value >> method.

=head1 CONSTANTS

Constants are exported from the L<Web::DOM::AttributeDefinition>
module by default.  In addition, they are accessible as methods of
C<AttributeDefinition> objects.

Following declared type constants used by the C<declared_type>
attribute are exported [DOMDTDEF]:

NO_TYPE_ATTR CDATA_ATTR ID_ATTR IDREF_ATTR IDREFS_ATTR ENTITY_ATTR
ENTITIES_ATTR NMTOKEN_ATTR NMTOKENS_ATTR NOTATION_ATTR
ENUMERATION_ATTR UNKNOWN_ATTR

Following default type constants used by the C<default_type> attribute
are exported [DOMDTDEF]:

UNKNOWN_DEFAULT FIXED_DEFAULT REQUIRED_DEFAULT IMPLIED_DEFAULT
EXPLICIT_DEFAULT

=head1 SPECIFICATION

=over 4

=item DOMDTDEF

DOM Document Type Definitions
<http://suika.fam.cx/www/markup/xml/domdtdef/domdtdef>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::Node>, L<Web::DOM::ElementTypeDefinition>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2012 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
