=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::Configuration - The DOM |DOMConfiguration| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::Configuration> class implements the DOM
C<DOMConfiguration> interface.  The C<DOMConfiguration> object of the
document can be obtained by the C<dom_config> method of the document.

=head1 METHODS

Following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $value = $config->{$perl_param_name}

=item $config->{$perl_param_name} = $value

Return or set the parameter value, using the Perl-style parameter name
(underscored_parameter_name).  [DOMPERL]

=item delete $config->{$perl_param_name}

Reset the parameter value to the default.  [DOMPERL]

=item @list = keys %$config

Return the list of Perl-style parameter names
(underscored_parameter_names).  [DOMPERL]

=item $value = $config->get_parameter ($dom_param_name)

Return the parameter value, using the DOM-style parameter name
(hyphened-parameter-name).  [DOM3CORE]

=item $config->set_parameter ($dom_param_name, $value)

Set the parameter value, using the DOM-style parameter name
(hyphened-parameter-name).  If the value is C<undef>, the parameter is
unset such that the default value is set.  [DOM3CORE] [MANAKAI]

=item $config->can_set_parameter ($dom_param_name, $value)

Return whether the specified parameter name/value pair can be set or
not, using the DOM-style parameter name (hyphened-parameter-name).
[DOM3CORE]

=item $list = keys $config->parameter_names

Return the array reference of DOM-style parameter names
(hyphened-parameter-names).  [DOM3CORE] [MANAKAI]

=back

The object also supports the other Perl standard operations for hash
references, e.g. C<< exists $config->{$perl_param_name} >>.  [DOMPERL]

=head1 PARAMETERS

Following parameters are supported:

=over 4

=item manakai_allow_doctype_children (DOM: manakai-allow-doctype-children)

Specifies whether the document type node can contain processing
instruction children or not.  The default value is false.  [MANAKAI]

=item manakai_create_child_element (DOM: manakai-create-child-element)

Specifies whether "element reflecting" methods of the Atom DOM objects
should create child elements if not found.  The default value is
false.  [MANAKAI] [ATOMDOM]

=item manakai_strict_document_children (DOM: manakai-strict-document-children)

Specifies whether the strict rules for document chidlren's node types
apply or not for the document.  The default value is true.  If the
value is true, the rules defined by the DOM Standard is strictly
followed.  Otherwise, any combination of C<Element>, C<DocumentType>,
C<Text>, C<Comment>, and C<ProcessingInstruction> nodes are allowed as
children of the C<Document>.  [MANAKAI]

=back

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item DOM3CORE

Document Object Model (DOM) Level 3 Core Specification
<http://www.w3.org/TR/2004/REC-DOM-Level-3-Core-20040407/DOM3-Core.html>.

=item MANAKAI

manakai DOM Extensions
<http://suika.fam.cx/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai%20DOM%20Extensions>.

=item DOMPERL

manakai's DOM Perl Binding
<http://suika.fam.cx/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai%27s%20DOM%20Perl%20Binding>.

=item ATOMDOM

Atom DOM <http://suika.fam.cx/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/Atom%20DOM>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::Document>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2012 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
