=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::DocumentType - The DOM |DocumentType| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::DocumentType> class implements the DOM C<DocumentType>
interface.

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods of classes L<Web::DOM::Node> and
L<Web::DOM::ChildNode>, following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $col = $dt->element_types

Return the collection of element types.  [DOMDTDEF]

=item $col = $dt->general_entities

=item $col = $dt->entities

Return the collection of general entities.  [DOM3CORE] [DOMDTDEF]

=item $et = $dt->get_element_type_definition_node ($name)

Return the element type (L<Web::DOM::ElementTypeDefinition>) with the
specified name, if any, or C<undef>.  [DOMDTDEF]

=item $entity = $dt->get_general_entity_node ($name)

Return the general entity (L<Web::DOM::Entity>) with the specified
name, if any, or C<undef>.  [DOMDTDEF]

=item $notation = $dt->get_notation_node ($name)

Return the notation (L<Web::DOM::Notation>) with the specified name,
if any, or C<undef>.  [DOMDTDEF]

=item $name = $dt->name

Return the name of the document type.  [DOM]

=item $col = $dt->notations

Return the collection of notations.  [DOM3CORE]

=item $id = $dt->public_id

=item $dt->public_id ($id)

Return or set the public identifier of the document type.  [DOM]
[DOMDTDEF] [MANAKAI] [DOMPERL]

=item $node = $dt->remove_element_type_definition_node ($node)

Remove the specified element type from the document type.  The removed
node is returned.  [DOMDTDEF]

=item $node = $dt->remove_general_entity_node ($node)

Remove the specified general entity from the document type.  The
removed node is returned.  [DOMDTDEF]

=item $node = $dt->remove_notation_node ($node)

Remove the specified notation from the document type.  The removed
node is returned.  [DOMDTDEF]

=item $old = $dt->set_element_type_definition_node ($new)

Set the specified element type to the document type.  If there is
already an element type with the same name, it is removed from the
document type and returned.  [DOMDTDEF]

=item $old = $dt->set_general_entity_node ($new)

Set the specified general entity node to the document type.  If there
is already a general entity with the same name, it is removed from the
document type and returned.  [DOMDTDEF]

=item $old = $dt->set_notation_node ($new)

Set the specified notation node to the document type.  If there is
already a notation with the same name, it is removed from the document
type and returned.  [DOMDTDEF]

=item $id = $dt->system_id

=item $dt->system_id ($id)

Return or set the system identifier of the document type.  [DOM]
[DOMDTDEF] [MANAKAI] [DOMPERL]

=back

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item DOM

DOM Living Standard
<http://dom.spec.whatwg.org/#interface-documenttype>.

=item DOMDTDEF

DOM Document Type Definitions
<http://suika.fam.cx/www/markup/xml/domdtdef/domdtdef>.

=item DOMPERL

manakai's DOM Perl Binding
<http://suika.fam.cx/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai%27s%20DOM%20Perl%20Binding>.

=item MANAKAI

manakai DOM Extensions
<http://suika.fam.cx/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai%20DOM%20Extensions>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::Node>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2012 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
