=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::Document - The DOM |Document| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::Document> class implements the DOM C<Document>
interface, which represents the document (either HTML or XML).

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods of classes L<Web::DOM::Node> and
L<Web::DOM::RootNode>, following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $doc = new Web::DOM::Document

Create a new document object. [DOM]

=item $node = $doc->adopt_node ($node)

Change the node document (i.e. the C<owner_document> attribute value)
of the specified node and its descendant nodes to the document.  [DOM]

=item $bool = $doc->all_declarations_processed

=item $doc->all_declarations_processed ($bool)

Return or set the [all declarations processed] property value of the
document.  [MANAKAI]

=item $el = $doc->body

Return the body element of the document (i.e. the C<body> element or
the C<frameset> element), if any, or C<undef>.  [HTML]

=item $string = $doc->character_set

=item $string = $doc->charset

=item $string = $doc->input_encoding

Return the encoding of the document.  [DOM] [MANAKAI]

=item $string = $doc->manakai_charset

=item $doc->manakai_charset ($string)

Return or set the C<charset> parameter value of the C<Content-Type>
metadata.  [MANAKAI]

=item $string = $doc->compat_mode

Return C<BackComat> if the document is in the quirks mode, or
C<CSS1Compat> otherwise.  [DOM]

=item $string = $doc->manakai_compat_mode

=item $doc->manakai_compat_mode ($string)

Get or set the mode of the document.  The value can be one of:
C<no quirks>, C<limited quirks>, and C<quirks>.  [MANAKAI]

=item $string = $doc->content_type

Return the MIME type of the document.  [DOM]

=item $attr = $doc->create_attribute ($local_name)

Create a new attribute (L<Web::DOM::Attr>) with the specified name and
empty value.  [MANAKAI]

=item $attr = $doc->create_attribute_ns ($nsurl, $qname)

=item $attr = $doc->create_attribute_ns ($nsurl, [$prefix, $local_name])

Create a new attribute (L<Web::DOM::Attr>) with the specified
namespace URL and qualified name.  [MANAKAI]

The qualified name can be represented as an array reference, where the
first item is the prefix (or C<undef> for the null namespace) and the
second item is the local name.  [DOMPERL]

=item $doc->create_cdata_section ($text)

Throw a "NotSupportedError" exception.  The C<CDATASection> interface
is obsolete.  [MANAKAI]

=item $el = $doc->create_element ($local_name)

Create a new element (L<Web::DOM::HTMLElement>) with the specified
local name in the HTML namespace.  [DOM]

=item $el = $doc->create_element_ns ($nsurl, $qname)

=item $el = $doc->create_elemenT_ns ($nsurl, [$prefix, $local_name])

Create a new element (L<Web::DOM::Element>) with specified namespace
URL and qualified name.  [DOM]

The qualified name can be represented as an array reference, where the
first item is the prefix (or C<undef> for the null namespace) and the
second item is the local name.  [DOMPERL]

=item $doc->create_entity_reference ($name)

Throw a "NotSupportedError" exception.  The C<EntityReference>
interface is obsolete.  [MANAKAI]

=item $text = $doc->create_text_node ($data)

Create a new text node (L<Web::DOM::Text>) with the given character
string.  [DOM]

=item $pi = $doc->create_processing_instruction ($target, $data)

Create a new processing instruction node
(L<Web::DOM::ProcessingInstruction>) with the specified target and
data.  [DOM]

=item $dt = $doc->doctype

Return the L<Web::DOM::DocumentType> node of the document, if any.
[DOM]

=item $el = $doc->document_element

Return the document element of the document, if any.  [DOM]

=item $config = $doc->dom_config

Return the L<Web::DOM::Configuration> object for the document.
[DOM3CORE] [MANAKAI]

=item $bool = $doc->manakai_has_bom

=item $doc->manakai_has_bom ($bool)

Return or set whether the byte representation of the document has the
BOM or not.  [MANAKAI]

=item $el = $doc->head

=item $el = $doc->manakai_head

Return the C<head> element of the document, if any, or C<undef>.
[HTML] [MANAKAI]

=item $el = $doc->manakai_html

Return the C<html> element of the document, if any, or C<undef>.
[MANAKAI]

=item $impl = $doc->implementation

Return the L<Web::DOM::Implementation> object associated to the
document.  [DOM]

=item $node2 = $doc->import_node ($node1, $deep)

Return the newly-created clone of the specified node, belonging to the
document.  If the second argument is set to the true value, any
descendant nodes are also cloned.  [DOM] [DOMATTREXODUS] [MANAKAI]

=item $bool = $doc->manakai_is_html

=item $doc->manakai_is_html ($bool)

Return or set whether the document is an HTML document or not.
[MANAKAI]

=item $bool = $doc->manakai_is_srcdoc

=item $doc->manakai_is_srcdoc ($bool)

Return or set whether the document is an C<iframe> C<srcdoc> document
or not.  [MANAKAI]

=item $bool = $doc->strict_error_checking

=item $doc->strict_error_checking ($bool)

Return or set whether some error checks should be skipped or not.
[DOM3CORE] [MANAKAI]

=item $string = $doc->url

=item $string = $doc->document_uri

Return the URL of the document.  [DOM]

=item $string = $doc->xml_encoding

=item $doc->xml_encoding ($string)

Return or set the C<encoding> pseudo-attribute value of the XML
declaration of the document, if it is an XML document.  The C<undef>
value represents omission of the pseudo-attribute.  [DOM3CORE]
[MANAKAI]

=item $bool = $doc->xml_standalone

=item $doc->xml_standalone ($bool)

Return or set the C<standalone> pseudo-attribute value of the XML
declaration of the document, if it is an XML document.  The true value
represents the C<true> attribute value, while the false value
represents the C<false> attribute value.  [DOM3CORE]

=item $string = $doc->xml_version

=item $doc->xml_version ($string)

Return or set the XML version of the document.  The value must be
C<1.0> or C<1.1>.  This is the value of the C<version>
pseudo-attribute of the XML declaration of the document, if it is an
XML document.  [DOM3CORE]

=back

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item DOM

DOM Living Standard <http://dom.spec.whatwg.org/#interface-document>.

=item DOM3CORE

Document Object Model (DOM) Level 3 Core Specification
<http://www.w3.org/TR/2004/REC-DOM-Level-3-Core-20040407/DOM3-Core.html>.

=item HTML

HTML Living Standard
<http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/>.

=item DOMPERL

manakai's DOM Perl Binding
<http://suika.fam.cx/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai%27s%20DOM%20Perl%20Binding>.

=item MANAKAI

manakai DOM Extensions
<http://suika.fam.cx/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai++DOM%20Extensions>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::Node>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2012 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
