=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::Element - The DOM |Element| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::Element> class implements the DOM C<Element>
interface.  It represents an element in the document.

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods of classes L<Web::DOM::Node>,
L<Web::DOM::RootNode>, and L<Web::DOM::ChildNode>, following methods
are available:

=over 4

=item $map = $el->attributes

Return the L<Web::DOM::NamedNodeMap> object containing the content
attributes for the element.  [DOM] [DOMATTREXODUS]

=item $string = $el->manakai_base_uri

=item $el->manakai_base_uri ($string)

Return or set the explicit [base URI] property value of the element.
[MANAKAI]

=item $bool = $el->manakai_element_type_match ($nsurl, $local_name)

Return whether the namespace URL and local name are equal to the
specified values or not.  [MANAKAI]

=item $value = $el->get_attribute ($name)

Return the value of the specified attribute.  If there is no attribute
with the specified name, C<undef> is returned.  [DOM]

=item $value = $el->get_attribute_ns ($nsurl, $local_name)

Return the value of the attribute with the specified namespace URL and
local name.  If there is no attribute with the specified name,
C<undef> is returned.  [DOM]

=item $attr = $el->get_attribute_node ($name)

Return the L<Web::DOM::Attr> object for the specified attribute.  If
there is no attribute with the specified name, C<undef> is returned.
[DOM3CORE] [MANAKAI]

=item $attr = $el->get_attribute_node_ns ($nsurl, $local_name)

Return the L<Web::DOM::Attr> object for the attribute with the
specified namespace URL and local name.  If there is no attribute with
the specified name, C<undef> is returned.  [DOM3CORE]

=item $bool = $el->has_attribute ($name)

Return whether there is the specified attribute or not.  [DOM]

=item $bool = $el->has_attribute_ns ($nsurl, $local_name)

Return whether there is the attribute with the specified namespace URL
and local name or not.  [DOM]

=item $arrayref = $el->manakai_ids

Return the array reference containing the ID of the element, if any,
or the empty array reference, otherwise.  [MANAKAI]

=item $name = $el->local_name

=item $name = $el->manakai_local_name (DEPRECATED)

Return the local name of the element.  [DOM] [MANAKAI]

=item $url = $el->namespace_uri

Return the namespace URL of the element.  If the element does not
belong to any namespace, C<undef> is returned.  [DOM]

=item $string = $el->outer_html

=item $el->outer_html ($string)

Replace the element by the specified fragment of the markup.  The
markup must be a character string in HTML or XML, depending on the
type of the document.  [DOMPARSING]

If the document is an XML document and the given string is not
well-formed, the method throws an exception.

However, even if the document is an XML document and the node can't be
serialized into the well-formed XML fragment, the method does not
throw and does return an ill-formed XML fragment instead.  This is a
willful violation to the HTML Living Standard, to match current
browsers' behavior.  Future version of the module might throw an
exception if browsers start to throw an exception.

=item $prefix = $el->prefix

=item $el->prefix ($prefix)

If no argument is specified, return the namespace prefix of the
element, if any, or C<undef>.  [DOM]

If the argument is specified, the value is set as the namespace prefix
of the element.  If the value is C<undef>, the namespace prefix is
removed.  [DOMNODEEXODUS] [MANAKAI]

=item $el->remove_attribute ($name)

Remove the attribute with the specified name.  If no attribute is
found, the method does nothing.  [DOM]

=item $el->remove_attribute_ns ($nsurl, $local_name)

Remove the attribute with the specified namespace URL and local name.
If no attribute is found, the method does nothing.  [DOM]

=item $attr = $el->remove_attribute_node ($attr)

Remove the specified attribute from the element.  The removed
attribute is returned.  [MANAKAI]

=item $el->set_attribute ($name => $value)

Set the attribute with the specified name and value.  If there is
already the attribute with the same name, its value is replaced by the
new one.  [DOM]

=item $el->set_attribute_ns ($nsurl, $qname => $value)

=item $el->set_attribute_ns ($nsurl, [$prefix, $local_name] => $value)

Set the attribute with the specified namespace URL, qualified name,
and value.  If there is already the attribute with the same namespace
URL / local name pair, its value is replaced by the new one.  [DOM]

The qualified name can be represented as an array reference, where the
first item is the prefix (or C<undef> for the null namespace) and the
second item is the local name.  [DOMPERL]

=item $old_attr = $el->set_attribute_node ($new_attr)

=item $old_attr = $el->set_attribute_node_ns ($new_attr)

Append (or replace, if exists) the attribute node to the list of
attributes for the element.  If there is already the attribute with
same namespace URL / local name pair, the attribute is removed from
the list and is returned by the method.  [MANAKAI]

=item $name = $el->tag_name

Return the tag name of the element.  [DOM]

=item $name = $el->manakai_tag_name

Return the tag name of the element.  Even when the element is an HTML
element in the HTML document, this method returns the "real" tag name,
without case folding.  [MANAKAI]

=back

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item DOM

DOM Living Standard <http://dom.spec.whatwg.org/#interface-element>.

=item DOMNODEEXODUS

DOM Living Standard, commented out
<view-source:http://dom.spec.whatwg.org/>.

=item DOMPARSING

DOM Parsing and Serialization <http://domparsing.spec.whatwg.org/>.

=item DOM3CORE

Document Object Model (DOM) Level 3 Core Specification
<http://www.w3.org/TR/2004/REC-DOM-Level-3-Core-20040407/DOM3-Core.html#core-ID-745549614>.

=item DOMPERL

manakai's DOM Perl Binding
<http://suika.fam.cx/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai%27s%20DOM%20Perl%20Binding>.

=item MANAKAI

manakai DOM Extensions
<http://suika.fam.cx/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai++DOM%20Extensions>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::Node>, L<Web::DOM::Attr>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2012-2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
