=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::Entity - The DOM |Entity| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::Entity> class implements the DOM C<Entity> interface.

=head1 METHODS

In addition to the methods of the L<Web::DOM::Node> class, following
methods are available:

=over 4

=item false = $ent->has_replacement_tree

Return whether the entity has the replacement tree or not.  It always
returns false.  [DOMDTDEF]

=item $string = $ent->input_encoding

Return the encoding of the entity, if it is an external parsed entity
and has been read, or C<undef>.  [DOM3CORE]

=item $boolean = $ent->is_externally_declared

=item $ent->is_externally_declared ($boolean)

Return or set whether the entity has been externally declared or not.
[DOMDTDEF]

=item $name = $ent->notation_name

=item $ent->notation_name = $name

Return or set the notation name of the entity, if specified, or
C<undef>.  [DOM3CORE] [DOMDTDEF]

=item $dt = $ent->owner_document_type_definition

Return the document type (L<Web::DOM::DocumentType>) to which the
entity belongs, if any, or C<undef>.  [DOMDTDEF]

=item $string = $ent->public_id

=item $ent->public_id = $string

Return or set the public ID of the entity.  [DOM3CORE] [DOMDTDEF]

=item $string = $ent->system_id

=item $ent->system_id = $string

Return or set the system ID of the entity.  [DOM3CORE] [DOMDTDEF]

=item $string = $ent->xml_encoding

=item $ent->xml_encoding ($string)

Return or set the value of the C<encoding> pseudo-attribute of the
text declaration of the entity, if it is an external parsed entity and
has been read, or C<undef>.  [DOM3CORE] [MANAKAI]

=item $string = $ent->xml_version

=item $ent->xml_version ($string)

Return or set the value of the C<version> pseudo-attribute of the text
declaration of the entity, if it is an external parsed entity and has
been read, or C<undef>.  [DOM3CORE] [MANAKAI]

=back

The entity name can be accessed by the C<< $ent->node_name >> method.

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item DOM3CORE

Document Object Model (DOM) Level 3 Core Specification
<http://www.w3.org/TR/2004/REC-DOM-Level-3-Core-20040407/DOM3-Core.html>.

=item DOMDTDEF

DOM Document Type Definitions
<http://suika.fam.cx/www/markup/xml/domdtdef/domdtdef>.

=item MANAKAI

manakai DOM Extensions
<http://suika.fam.cx/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai++DOM%20Extensions>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::Node>, L<Web::DOM::DocumentType>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2012 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
