=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::Implementation - The DOM |DOMImplementation| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::Implementation> class implements the DOM
C<DOMImplementation> interface.

The C<DOMImplementation> object is returned by the C<implementation>
method of the L<Web::DOM::Document> object.

=head1 METHODS

The class has following methods:

=over 4

=item $impl = Web::DOM::Implementation->new

Create a new instance of the C<DOMImplementation> object.  This method
is provided for some kind of compatibility and should not be used with
newer applications.  Now that the L<Web::DOM::Document> class has the
constructor, the constructor method of the L<Web::DOM::Implementation>
class is useless. [DOMPERL]

=item $doc = $impl->create_document ($nsurl, $qname, $doctype)

=item $doc = $impl->create_document ($nsurl, [$prefix, $local_name], $doctype)

Create a new L<Web::DOM::XMLDocument>.  [DOM]

If first and second arguments are specified, they are used as the
namespace URL and the qualified name of the document element.  If they
are not specified, an empty document is created.

The qualified name can be represented as an array reference, where the
first item is the prefix (or C<undef> for the null namespace) and the
second item is the local name.  [DOMPERL]

If the third argument is specified, it is used as the document type
node of the document.

=item $doc = $impl->create_html_document ($title)

Create a new HTML document (L<Web::DOM::Document>).  If the argument
is specified, it is used as the title of the document.  [DOM]

=item $dt = $impl->create_document_type ($qname, $pubid, $sysid)

Create a new document type node (L<Web::DOM::DocumentType>) with the
specified name, public identifier, and system identifier.  [DOM]
[DOMPERL]

=item $bool = $impl->has_feature ($feature, $version)

Return whether the specified SVG feature is supported or not.  [DOM]
[SVG]

=back

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item DOM

DOM Living Standard
<http://dom.spec.whatwg.org/#interface-domimplementation>.

=item DOMPERL

manakai's DOM Perl Binding
<http://suika.fam.cx/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai%27s%20DOM%20Perl%20Binding>.

=item SVG

SVG - Feature Strings
<https://svgwg.org/svg2-draft/single-page.html#chapter-feature>,
<https://svgwg.org/svg2-draft/single-page.html#svgdom-FeatureStrings>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::Document>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2012 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
