=head1 NAME

Web::DOM::TokenList - The DOM |DOMTokenList| object

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::DOM::TokenList> class implements the DOM C<DOMTokenList>
interface.

=head1 METHODS

Following methods are available:

=over 4

=item push @$tokens, $token1, $token2, ...

=item $tokens->add ($token1, $token2, ...)

Append specified tokens to the list.  [DOM] [DOMPERL]

=item $boolean = $tokens->contains ($token)

Return whether the list contains the specified token or not.  [DOM]

=item $string = $tokens->[$index]

=item $string = $tokens->item ($index)

Return the token in the list, specified by its index.  [DOM] [DOMPERL]

Use of the C<item> method is discouraged as it doesn't support
Perl-ish ways to access items, such as negative indexing, while C<<
$node_list->[-1] >> works as intended.

=item $number = @$tokens

=item $number = $tokens->length

Return the number of the tokens in the list.  [DOM] [DOMPERL]

=item $tokens->remove ($token1, $token2, ...)

Remove the specified tokens from the list.  [DOM]

=item $bool = $tokens->toggle ($token)

=item $bool = $tokens->toggle ($token, $bool)

Change whether the token appears in the list or not.  If the second
argument is specified, the status is set to match that value.
Otherwise, the status is changed to not equal to the current status.
The method returns the new status.  [DOM]

=item $string = '' . $tokens

Return the serialized representation of the tokens, joined by the
space character.  [DOM] [DOMPERL]

=back

The object supports Perl standard operations for array references,
e.g. C<< pop @$tokens >>.  [DOMPERL]

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item DOM

DOM Living Standard <http://dom.spec.whatwg.org/>.

=item DOMPERL

manakai's DOM Perl Binding
<http://suika.fam.cx/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai%27s%20DOM%20Perl%20Binding>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::DOM::Element>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
